Agile
CodeChuckle is a startup whose product is GiggleGit, a version control system “where merges are managed by memes." (It saddens me to say that this was a joke written by ChatGPT for 131)

You have just been hired as employee number n for some small number n. They have the dev chops to make a demo, but you are their first serious developer. 

Here is a theme and an epic: 

Theme: Get GiggleGit demo into a stable enough alpha to start onboarding some adventurous clients

Epic: Onboarding experience 

 Complete the following tasks:

Complete these user stories:

As a vanilla git power-user that has never seen GiggleGit before, I want to access the same command library as git so I can seamlessly transition to GiggleGit immediately.

As a team lead onboarding an experienced GiggleGit user, I want to record the enjoyment humor adds to their coding experience to ensure that we provide an additional benefit to our users.

Create a third user story, one task for this user story, and two associated tickets.

Tasks should be a single phrase. (As should themes and epics. See those provided.)

User stories should be one to three sentences. 

Tickets should have a title consisting of a single phrase and details that are long enough to sufficiently describe what needs to be done. You do not need to assign points to the tickets

User Story 3:
As a GiggleGit repeat user, I want to influence the humor given to my merges so I have more fun coding.
Task: Make generated humor rank able by how funny it was for the user.
Ticket 1: Create a database that appropriately stores humor rankings for each user
Details: Use a nested hash table named HumorRanks where each key is the user and the top listed humor stores the prompts that generated such humor. Use sqlite
Ticket 2: Implement a DB Data Access Object
Details: create a DAO so we can still use our database if we move away from using SQLite in the future.

This is not a user story. Why not? What is it?

As a user I want to be able to authenticate on a new machine 

This is not a user story because user is too broad of a specification and there is no reason explain the user's want.
This is more likely a user feedback or some sort of feature request.